To find the mirror of a tree, we can write
a function mirror which takes the root of tree as
the input.
Firstly if root is null, we need to just return from there
So write if root equal to equal to null return.
This base condition will handle two cases. If the tree is
empty and when the traversal reaches null.
In both cases it will simply return
Otherwise we need to do in order traversal
and swap the left and right sub tree
of each node.
So write mirror of root-left and mirror of root-right
now write the swap code.
struct node * temp equal to root left then
root-left equal to root-right.
And finally root-right equal to 10.
So let us see how this code works
Firstly check
The base condition.
It is not true.
So else part will work.
Here we have recursive call to root left and
root-right
So we know how in order recursion works
So after the recursive call the swap operation will start from
this node 10. So it's left and right
sub tree will be swapped after that node 60's left
and right sub tree will be swapped.
After that node 50's left and right sub trees will be swapped.
And we will get the tree like this
After this node 150's left and right sub trees
will be swapped which is null only
And after this node 300's left and right sub trees
will be swapped.
And after that node 200's
left and right sub trees will be swapped
and we will get like this.
And finally node 100's left and right sub trees will
be swapped and see
we got the mirror image
So this is how the code works.